I knew it
please the one it just might be hello my
name is Penelope and I was cursed to be
born with the nose of a pig doctor said
they couldn't fix it I'm sorry thus now
states my mother protected me from the
outside world
but to break the curse I just had to
find someone to accept me as I am till
death do us part he was ready to give up
then he walked in another P I know
you're in there
how about you and me heading down to the
clover daily pub right now happy come on
we wings
[Music]
it's funny all my life I've been
rejected do you have any idea how that
makes me feel no come back
no girl will break away she's not there
on her own
clearing her independence so what are
you hiding from the law oh just a bad
nose shoppers are bad user experience a
life she's never known has a beer on tap
please you're supposed to catch it okay
I see
we should talk and inspire the world to
see her is there anything you like to
the public high for who she is
I like myself the way I am
christina ricci public deserves this
girl
James McAvoy you know you inspired me
don't want your dead going off in your
own like that John O'Hara
things are different now mother because
I have friends an Academy Award winner
Reese Witherspoon Vespa
[Music]
vanellope
you